in
deep liquid
smoke Black Water Black
Water Rain Man make it
flow where it goes nobody knows nobody
knows
[Music]
tricker slippery like money my
down the rabbit hole you
go take a little
[Music]
mushroom speakers on
zo the [ __ ] we spit is fire it's going
up tonight they like to get real high
two Puffs Smoke in your eyes dirty in
the rod flying through the night [ __ ]
what you heard this just a chronic it'll
make you puke and vomit here comes the
comet you can't out run it jump it my
laser beams are solar a real Rock and
roller patique so long zombie
junking horror FMS get high
for welcome back to Lady
Babylon thank you teddy thank you for
that in introduction I think you set the
mood
beautifully for tonight for tonight
thank you teddy appreciate it hey thank
you to all of the congregation for
coming out can I just
say thank you congregation for coming
out tonight it's a real pleasure and a
privilege and an honor to be able to
take take up your
time I hope you're eating I hope you're
doing something if you're on the road to
everybody who's out there on the road
oh I'm GNA bring you some goodies
tonight you've come to me your dealer of
goodies Quantum meth heads all of us oh
God isn't it gorgeous oh what happened
tonight's episode is
dedicated to
one of you in the
congregation who sent me the text who
sent me the text yes I want to say thank
you thank you very much you know who you
are yeah you know should I say it chewy
do you want me to say it thank you Gandy
thank you Gandy for cracking the code
and finding those Apocrypha Greek texts
fantastic oh God
God what is going on here what is really
going on here do you see what's
happening people get into it and they
realize oh this is just you know this is
just powerful Renaissance education this
is just the juice that gave everything
the drive to go Democratic yes yes it
was in fact it was a voice a single
voice of thousand sybles across time do
you know where I'm going to take you
tonight you're so lucky you know you're
so lucky to be with me you know what I
mean I hate to say that baby I really
hate to say that but you
know when I take you out I
deliver I deliver this date is yours and
I want to hear your voice oh God how
should every date
end with her
[Music]
voice isn't that why we've come isn't
that why we've come to the Muse I'm
going to take you somewhere tonight that
you cannot
go not especially with
academics because they can't say certain
things or their faces will
crack yes and other professors will see
them we who are roning have no worries
or
concerns we give
you the actuality and tonight I'm going
to take you Buckle in I'm going to take
you to a place that is in the Forbidden
Bible The Forbidden Bible we're going to
go back tonight to
see the early Christian
right we have a front seat
at the
Eucharist we have a front seat at the
Eucharist
with
Thomas meatman Thomas is gonna come back
tonight we're gonna learn a little bit
of his past before he got his skin
removed right we're going to see him how
does he come up how does he get to us
and why are we doing this because we
like following Thomas around absolutely
not absolutely
not because there is a
scene which I knew you would love it's a
scene of
christing and christing here and
christing and Chris different places oh
God there's so much christing going on
do we have the kid that was with Jesus
when he was arrested
we
do okay get ready put your seat belts on
tonight people because we're going so
deep in the Bible we're going to rip a
hole in the fabric of
SpaceTime we're going to rip a hole in
the fabric of SpaceTime and out of it
it's going to spew this
reality okay little bit of Splash bag
tonight right be ready with your Splash
bags right by the way do not leave those
sitting around you have to drain
them let's go Joey Hit It First St chart
Satan fun time baby you're right hey
hail Satan there Joseph yeah give me the
next one you love it you nasty people
look I've only got about eight sources
tonight that's it Ry but I want to tell
you the story very very clearly people
have been asking me Almon can you please
summarize everything that you've been
talking about I'm new I'm new to the
congregation you summarize everything I
can't
summarize everything but what I can do
is I can give you a little taste of it
here and there and there
let's do this chewy hit it get off the
ship people where am I taking us I'm
taking us to a student of Jesus Christ
this is from the AXS of Thomas this is
from the AXS of Thomas this is section
26 oh where are his
sources they're right here whoops right
here right
here right here here are you ready
people are you ready oh all the great
nerds all the great nerds so what's
happening I'm going to read this like
any good Satanist I'm going to read this
in
Reverse so we're going to travel
backwards through the text are you
ready
so yeah the king of India and his
brother are really interested
in the slave that they purchased from
Jesus and by the way tonight I'm going
to show to you in these eight slides
that I've got I have the
only
ever
recorded written
word oh
Jesus the only the only and I'm bringing
it to you tonight remember remember his
receipt that he wrote out when he sold
the kid bring him up here is he in the
market let bring him up here to so they
can know do we have Jesus selling
children anywhere Jesus this is
summarizing selling children here we are
F makes me feel uncomfortable when we
can't find our Locust Jesus selling
children Jesus selling children and you
say ah there is no way it says that no
it does you just haven't looked in the
Forbidden
Bible right the forbidden Bible is way
way way more sexy written all at the
same time that all the rest of the
Bible's written right same thing it's
contemporary bro no problem but it was
its content that got it
censored by the monists they took it
out it would be like you if you and I
were to walk in congregation to a murder
scene right and instead of saying whoa
don't touch anything put tape around it
right everybody put your booties on
right bring in the dudes with the
suits ma'am can you take that instrument
put it do you
understand if you're at that crime scene
you protect it you don't walk into it
and start pulling things out well here
look here look thma I found myself a can
of beans at the crime scene no
leave it alone but that's what happens
you talk about the great councils that
the church had do you know what those
were do you know what their great
councils
were yeah they were the reshaping of an
image the
recreation yeah not the original the
original is in the
entirety right when you talk about Greek
literature and people have asked me are
you going to talk about somebody who
else who's talking about you no let me
summarize my experience thus far on lady
Babylon are you ready are you ready go
to comments to anybody in comments want
to yeah let me
summarize my
experience there's two types of
people those who have read the source
and those who haven't and let me tell
you something the source is ancient
Greek and if you have not read it you've
read a translation you have lost out on
information you've lost out
entropy you've lost out and it's a big
loss it turns out with ancient Greek
because your stupid native
languages are so
inadequate it's a song
you sing the
stuff oh God sexy so sexy okay Chewy hit
me with the hit me with that Source
again okay so where are we here where
are we so the you have the king of India
and his and his brother Gad what are
they doing they're following around
Thomas and why is that at this point
they're following around they want him
to give
them
theis the what
fris right what is that what is that
it's the
seal okay so Thomas who is the
Evangelist is providing
people with
seals that will enable them to hear the
voice of
God do you understand do you understand
fantastic right he's a student of Jesus
Jesus sold him over here why look what's
happening to the operation of the LC it
is spreading Thomas just happened to get
the chit from
India became his territory St and what
does he do he starts handing out
drugs to
induce visions and we are going to watch
him do it we're gon to watch him perform
it you're gonna love it right so here's
the King right here's his brother and
they're like dude we really want to be
involved right we really want to get
involved in this put bring it back up
JY and what happens
um they say look you know um we're our
minds are in the right
place right our hearts are in this
yearning for this
God do you understand give us
the give it to us and so what happens
what
happens God
whom you follower of Christ you
Thomas that God whom you summon wait
what whom you
summon this is the right people we just
got dumped off right in the middle of it
right this is how you take somebody
through it first they have to hear the
voice of God
then when the christing is complete
which I'll show you in the Greek they
can see their eyes are
open voila
prophets
prophets okay do you understand all of
this terminology that you're missing is
because you missed it you didn't pay
attention to the Greek and een different
parallel Dimensions they got that
that's okay the Muse is here to give it
to us all in the form of a poison arrow
a poison
arrow all right all right let's keep
going because I want to show you what
these Christians are doing what and if
you're out there and you're an
Evangelical cuz I know you watch if
you're out
there look at what the earliest Christ
Chans are doing I know you were just
shocked by seeing that Jesus was selling
I'm going to show you Jesus selling kid
right I'm going to show you let's do it
let's go new all new sources people
actually just make sure we didn't miss
anything yeah so you know he's happy and
he says you know what you need Thomas
says to him you know I'm happy to
accommodate you you know what I
mean um yeah yeah um I'm happy to
accommodate you but I want you to
understand that you H you're in need of
something right and I want you to
realize you're going to
receive this drug and then you're going
to enter into
coinonia which
is the Eucharist look at the last word
on line 20 do you see the Eucharist what
is coin Ania now if you go if you go to
a church today you go this weekend I
advise you everybody go to your local
Baptist Church open the doors listen
listen to
them they will claim that they are
having coin
AA but they are not where's that
definition bring it up bring it up chewy
do you know what it
means do you know what it means look at
the source here people and from Ides Bai
are you surprised you can talk about
taking coin on neon with the
gakos what is
that it is in fact as you can read
sexual
intercourse a
commonality it's
Pythagorean
two
Duality and this is laying
there in the
fellowship they will tell you in your
Baptist Church this weekend now you ask
them what kind of Fellowship is this you
want to see you want to see the
Christians doing this I'm going to show
you everybody out there tonight be
careful it's hot this is radioactive
we're going to enter into a place that
there is a certain level of
communion are you ready oh we're going
to show and it's just through the taxt
people I just want you to see it okay go
to the next one go to the next one
people what's going on here look at the
second
line for this is the
Lord and God of Everything Jesus Christ
I'm
translating whom
kuso do you know what k so is that's the
one who carries that rod with the
serpents wrapped around it there's
Wings there's
Wings you call the individuals who do
this Angulo you call them Angels or
Messengers or
Heralds
but
kuso with its double Sigma and Di of its
Myan
origin all right going back where's it
go where's it go how do we get there we
get there through the plasan that's
double Sigma anyhoo
um what is this king um a
summoning a summoning of an
image I'm presenting you with an image
it actually means to summon to bring
something
forth
yeah a
message an image a Christ are you ready
what's he say what's he say Jesus Christ
whom I
summon
and the one who is himself the father of
Truth isn't that nice listen to this
Christian Festival by the way it's night
time
right because all of this ends in the
early morning Resurrection right I
didn't mean to spoil it for anybody but
you know if you're in if you're in one
of those situations sometimes a
resurrection can really serve you you
know what I mean you're like that was
too fast I need a resurrection Let's Do
It um Jesus Christ whom I
summoned himself the father of
Truth for whom you know or with
reference to to whom I already taught
you to believe in right so he's you know
who's he talking to good and what Oh my
he tells them bring me some oil okay
ready we're at the Christian
mystery people have already told us we
want to be involved what are we going to
do for them first thing we do get the
oil get the
oil get the the oil why look at this
purpose clause in order
that right through this
soil they may receive
Thea okay um anybody for medical
prescriptions right what is this this is
the first application of oil because you
cannot get the seal what does the seal
have it has an
image and you can't receive the seal
without the oil why because it's
biochemical I don't know it's the way
that they got it to work okay they tried
it in the backyard a thousand times all
sorts of stuff I have no clue people I'm
joking right don't ever quote me on that
right I don't know how they figured it
out but it's the oil baby that you that
you're really needing you know what's
wrong with oiling someone up anyway
we're going to watch some Christians oil
themselves in preparation for the
fund what it's dirty it's dirty yeah it
is it is I'm sorry I'm going to be as
clinical as I possibly can
tonight like a serious
Proctologist give the next one boom okay
um where are we yeah um so what happens
so he says you know bring it to me this
the guy told you to trust in right bring
it to me um they bringing the oil and
what what happens they also bring out
less some lamps right why because it's
nighttime because it's night time I told
you it was night they're bringing out
the lamps right getting the oil ready
Watch What Happens right I'm telling you
we're at a mystery cult next one we're
at a mystery cult are you
ready okay so in the midst of all
this the Apostle who is Thomas that's
how he refers to the Apostle Thomas
stands up stands up and he
begins the
process of sealing them are you ready
you want watch what this process is all
about right are you
ready the
Lord was
revealed to them speaking in a voice and
he
said peace bro
right no that's what it actually says
peace bruh I'm translating directly bruh
right big voice now look it says they
looked around right they only heard I'm
transing they only heard the voice they
didn't see any form or anything right
what have we done we've started the
process and now the person first stage
one registers a voice registers a voice
and once that voice say peace out
bro right
okay it's nice I mean you know could
have said something bad like you know
well let's not go into there you know
let the let the voices remain to
themselves Give me the give me the next
one boom did we do all yeah so standing
up the Apostle you know he seals them
right and in this process they hear the
voice voice of the Lord right and what
happens didn't see his
form
God what happened um these explaining to
her not yet I'm going to translate this
a little four not
yet were they receiving
the
Epi the
epis the EP
seal of the
seal the drug that they're
using had not yet kicked
in okay so the full hallucinogenic
effect and the the guy is explaining the
author of this whoever it is it's just
downright out explaining to you the
process of how the drug is working are
you ready to see him Christ each other
okay now this is what frustrates me
people for the for the dude who asked
hey can you just summarize
dude I've been working with
people talking to people and every one
of them has never read the text that
they're talking about and it's
frustrating for
it's frustrating and I feel like holding
out a professional standard and saying
you have no idea you have no
idea do you remember a while ago on the
Blessed Rock of Danny
Jones may he weather the
storm do you
remember how the theologians stepped up
and said oh it can never be that we are
ever christing somebody's eyes with a
drug this just doesn't work it doesn't
have Preposterous he said in his
incredible
mindboggling
ignorance and jokes on you employer
jokes on you University system jokes on
you
Seminary the jokes on
you because you and I congregation we
looked at the christing we've looked at
a thousand years how many Chings have we
seen my God man is that all I bring you
is christing we're saturated people are
sitting there eating their chicken and
they're saying oh this crust is
delicious but this christing is too much
it keeps on and on and on yes people
yes yes it is and I thank you satanic
congregation for your patience but in
exchange for your patience I'm going to
give you a look that nobody else has
this is just for you baby you understand
that's how much I think I think about
you on a regular basis you know we've
been going together for a while I you
know I the last time I heard we were
engaged or something I don't know let's
keep going the Bride of the Antichrist
who wants to make that who wants to make
that yes okay fantastic um let's keep
going let's keep going let's not stop
the momentum okay so uh I want to point
out something here yeah so um so look
this is what happened they they didn't
yet get to the point that the drug had
kicked in right so they took what is it
the Apostle what does he do he takes the
oil and he pours it out right upon their
heads right right on the top of it he
puts it out and he does what then he
christs
themas
ohas right look at
it right anyway so it's first the oil
which you Alo right you don't or Alo
excuse me you don't
apply that oil um in this that's not the
same thing as christing right those are
two technically different things that's
why every seminarian in the planet will
say Christ means the
anointing right do you hear a thousand
cracks of Victorian
anus right okay let's go what are they
up to my goodness I think that's part of
the right I think that's part of the
right we got going nice chewy sneak that
in give it to me are you ready
um and uh yeah so uh where were we he
takes out the oil oh yeah oh yeah he
pours it on pours on their heads right
and then he cries them and he says to
them are you ready here's the right
right now you're watching these people
so far they're just hallucinating
auditorily but we know there's a stage
that will kick in where they will see
the glory of God isn't that gorgeous is
isn't that gorgeous Praise Jesus Christ
right it's gorgeous now if you're a
Christian out there and you haven't done
any of this I'm sorry you you it's kind
of like a historical jokes on you right
now that's fine that's fine because I
was a I was a very very active Christian
myself so I had the time sync as well I
I I don't pity you right just like I
wouldn't I don't pity
myself um but I appreciate the fact that
you are being prayed
upon right you're being prayed upon we
just wait until you see Jesus for all my
new Christian listeners just wait until
you see
Jesus here they come here come the
Lambs okay um by the way in that
sentence he was talking about you only
get to see that form of Jesus when he
recognizes his
lamkins God it's so strange
but it's just off give me the next one
okay now look people what happens next
um so that um look the stuff is going to
oh no no no no I forgot the previous one
sh oh God we went all the way to alderon
gotta go back okay fantastic there it is
now watch what happens you're watching
the dude on the ground who's going
through the
initiation and what does the person
who's putting them through the
initiation do they enter into coin
Anda and they
sing they sing you want to see what you
want to see what's being sung let's see
what's being sung by Thomas that
handsome
Galilean dude who ends up with the boys
from Galilee dividing up the world and
getting
territories because they know how to
perform this
right okay they know how to do it are
you ready so there they are on the
ground there they are on the ground
don't worry we got them ready they got
the drugs on board oh god let's see what
happens let's see what happens there's
some coin Andia going on yeah um watch
this people he starts
[Music]
chanting Come Holy Name of
Christ the name that is above
everything come right now remember the
people are watching them right dudes are
watching them they're being
Christ um they've got this stuff already
in their eyes which we'll show you in a
minute it's like too much ah right and
here he comes what what else are we
going to say
comeis come crism of the
highest right the christing of the
highest is what you
need to have ionic
life ionic life
life okay ready we're getting beamed up
are you see it come who else is going to
come come are you ready these are
Christians and who are the Christians
praying to be as the sun is getting
ready to rise who are they praying to
are you
ready come
mother whose womb is
fruitful wait they're invoking
[Music]
birth
yes what this who are these Christians
they're
Christians they're Christians as a
matter of fact in these naughty works of
the Bible or I should say in these works
of the naughty
Bible in these Works they're already
calling them
Christians these are practicing Christ
Christians if you have not done this
Christian you are no
Christian this is what makes you a
Christian you can float around all week
on your little faith you can be
disingenuous you can lie you can get my
class and I can kick you
out you still haven't
learned Muse conquers all baby and there
are two types of people in the world
those who do the taxt
and those who pretend
to yeah yeah let's look at it forget it
let's give them everything satanic
congregation I'm just G to give it all
to you give me the next one give me the
next one I know we're almost we're
coming to the I told you we're only gon
to have a few and
um yeah oh okay here um wait go back we
missed the other we missed the other
sorry people so we're standing above the
dud we're bringing these Spirits we just
brought the great mother that great
fcked mother and then we say come
Coos
come Fellowship of the
masculine why do you need the Fellowship
of the masculine because you're
producing a baby do you understand
Timmy do you understand you're producing
a baby
oh God holy babies doing
things christing and holy babies all
over the place are we going to eat them
at
sometime which ones I don't know but
they told me the blood of those
Christians is
fantastic why is that in the book of the
Apocalypse this is a freebie this is a
freebie in the it's all free though cuz
I don't take any money for any of this I
can't it's in the devil's
contract if you don't you get the storm
that's just all there is to it do you
understand fantastic I don't know why
people and by the way the conspiracy
theory out there that I'm part of the
CIA
seriously
seriously um competent dude right
competency level you got to have a
certain competency level right to be
able to function and I definitely do not
I'm just bringing you text baby I'm
bringing you the word of the Muse just
me and Numa zeria sitting here taking it
God love it thank you thank
you yeah give me the next one that's a
gorgeous picture look at that beautiful
sun details like that through isn't that
glorious that's glorious getting us back
to those women who started everything
right so who else do we want to come we
want that communion that Fellowship of
the man that sexual intercourse with the
man we wanted to come and after we say
we want that to come we say we want the
Mysteries that are hidden to be
revealed
but I want you to
see that when they say that the
Christians say that they say
and then the Mysteries that technically
is
come
she right she who
what she who reveals the Hidden
Mysteries you see it's a
woman it's a
woman welcome to Lady Babylon it's a
woman who reveals the
mystery is isn't that great why is that
I don't know take a look around you
dummy let's go to it let's go to it I'm
sorry I'm sorry give me the next one I'm
really not you know every time I
apologize I'm really not sorry right
everybody knows that fantastic who's
here right F and thank you for coming
tonight look my screen says 913 your
time that's 913 hours that I don't want
to waste so let's keep going the text
what we're saying all this stuff over
these dudes that we've just sealed and
we know they've hit that second stage we
know they've hit that second
stage what happens to
them they have lots of mental stuff that
happens to them and they enter into the
communion with the young boys oh dead G
it son of oh why why is it always the
same thing
P
didy you in Jesus man you and Jesus
Christ my God man can't you keep the I'm
just translating the Greek people that's
all it says it's a fellowship with the
boys why
why Jesus Christ Jesus
Christ why is Thomas I'm serious why is
th
Thomas creating a
cult whereby you can under the influence
of
drugs and sexual activity with
miners you can enter into a
vision where you can see things that you
normally couldn't hear voices that you
normally
couldn't or you can become a tune you
can be
christed why
people write to me and they say what is
this you're showing us you're showing us
this and that do you endorse this or
that what are you what side of the this
divide are you going to stand you g to
be a communist you going to be a fascist
what are you are you gonna be red or you
gonna be blue this is not about red and
blue it's about you seeing those
sources and letting them speak we are in
the middle of a
right and we are involving yet again
miners minors and sexual rights did you
know that Thomas enters into a right
with a flute
girl a flute
girl now for those of you who don't
know
colloquial from the
fifth um that's somebody who is an
entertain or who will come and play the
flute for
you
yeah um yeah fantastic I don't think I
need any more detail than
that right this is a an arm of
prostitution Jesus Christ is a fullblown
gangster
pimp
fullblown and the funny thing is the
drugs are all there but the theologians
are so ignorant that they have to sit
back and say there is no christing did
you see the christing that we just
waited
through
okay we just you know it's like people
look people are either here's also my
summary of what I'm doing people sell
stuff to you that's what they want do
you know what do you know what those
other people want satanic congregation
from you you wearing my ring and you
know what they want
yeah they want to sell you something
wait what yes they want to sell you
something your greed stains your soul
with a stench of Ruin I had a while ago
while ago I was approached by someone
from New York very
Savvy let me know he had connections big
connections they were going to build a
an
Institute where we were going to teach
people and the way they wanted to start
it was with
crypto
Bitcoin modules to sell to
you and they wanted me to take out
anything that had to do with a negative
impression of any
monest
religion right what are you doing I was
told
what you're cutting out your demographic
excuse me do you have no values do you
have no rock on which to stand besides
your cloud of greed that obscures your
vision and infects the people around
you the Watchers watch they watch what
you're doing they watch
you so no deals people that's who I am
that's why this channel is still not
monetized it's why it will not be you
cannot silence the truth yeah very good
I agree who said that reso right thank
you rez I appreciate that right greed
what is the greed it's pushing
everything today you see it in these
texts these early Christian text where
the
piracy of the
Christ was out in the open look what
they're doing here look what Thomas is
doing with these people now the funny
thing is the cosmic Joke is on us
because the coin onia people sit around
and say oh God I'm G to enter into
Christian Fellowship you know people
were getting arrested for Christian
Fellowship by Roman authorities in
Antiquity and you sit there and say
it's because they were praying they were
sitting there praying to Jes oh Jesus
Christ here I am praying Oh Come Romans
what do you think ROM don't kill me ROM
for praying to Jesus
Christ
no it's more like
this what the why is this place so dark
somebody turn oh God I put on some
clothes lady is that your kid put on
some
clothes more like that that's why Jesus
Christ is arrested in a public park with
a naked
kid the early Christians are doing
exactly what Jesus gave them to do to
prop gate as Fishers of
Men do you see Jesus Christ do you see
Jesus Christ okay eat this Mary you got
to remember
in the Bible That's not accepted Jesus
Christ forced Mary to consume his own
semen that's in the letters of Mary
yeah
um so there is
something in the
[Laughter]
water I love it okay give me another
source come on these people are like
don't tickle me there I just want to get
a I just want to get a new source you
know what I mean so here we are with yes
very good shy thank you um here we are
with the the young boys right and what
else is he he says Come Holy PMA Holy
Spirit right um and
purify the
kidneys and the Heart of
these
people right you've got your boys there
what are you doing you're purifying
kidneys no you're not no you're not you
know not want to know what a kidney is
it's another word for orus for your
testicles remember when Jesus Christ
said some Unix are made Unix for the
Kingdom of Heaven let the one who has
the ability bear that
[Music]
burden look what we stumbled
upon they're purifying the
testicles and that
drive the cardion why the heart why is
that guy smearing the drug on his chest
in the shape of a dragon a
serpent that is eating its own tail why
is he doing that because that is the
symbol of the cult that's what they said
if you'd understand that action alone
you would understand the entire cult
right you have to cleanse if you're a
Christian you have to
cleanse those testicles
why because they interfere in the
process of the
[Music]
transformation you see when you go to
India
Thomas okay you'll understand why you're
gonna have to purge so many of these
children
okay now do you understand
why everywhere that Christianity goes in
Antiquity they meet with prison and
death do you
understand because this is how they're
operating this is the system they're
operating and if you're sitting there in
church as a Baptist and you haven't
considered the Holiness for Christ of
cutting off your
testicles and some of you out there have
considered it I work with a lot of
Catholic priests I did they were priests
in formation I got them when they were
just in formation and you know what they
you know what that one thing they always
wanted to do underneath you can take an
oath not to do it but you go all the way
and cut it off yeah you're in a whole
different ball game your spiritual
level's way up
there way up
there God you got to do it yourself
though all the best do it theel remember
origin did it origin did it what did you
think
people look what they're doing the
earliest Christian rights are these that
he's describing give me go ahead and
give me let's make sure we got all this
okay so he oh God this is so great yeah
so what happens so it says
and when they were sealed when they had
received the image they saw what what
appeared
aanus oh god of course
aanus right and what is this
nanus guess
what he's got this light he possesses a
light that just it's Indescribable when
the other lights get close to that light
they dim they all go
dark they all go dark and they look
around suddenly the boy
disappears suddenly the boy disappears
he just he goes away just vanish not
like he ran away and he just just
disappeared and what
happens the
Apostle
says to the Lord right because the Lord
is there we just heard hey hey hey guys
who right what is he wait he's speaking
to him now right
what do you think these people do
they're bringing up
Christ yeah you think evangelism is
sitting there with somebody and telling
them look if you don't accept this
you're going to a place where it's going
to feel like fire for a long time
probably smell bad too right and if you
don't accept what I'm saying and accept
this way um this is going to happen to
you surprise God loves
you right um You can go that route but
that is
a creation of the mind of the Middle
Ages the Faith by which you can be saved
that is not the mystery you people are
not doing the mystery you Catholics put
it down it's not the mystery and believe
me if you Catholics knew what the
original mystery was
if you knew what the love of God you
know what you do with the love of God
you swallow
it I am not kidding
you
yeah yeah okay guess
what yep that monest universe is based
in something that is
horrendous people have been telling me
um that it was courageous of me to quote
the
talmud right because it it was a
terrible section that talked about um
the Hyman of a two-year-old can grow
back and be halakic can meet halakic law
right it
was um it was
horrific
but that's a
[Music]
source we're not here to make a religion
we're not here to celebrate anything
we're not here to even come up with with
ideas we're here to look at those
original sources to see what they say
and that's it you can do with that what
you want I don't care I'm not going to
have you put it on a coffee mug I'm not
going to have you print it on a
hat right I don't people have fake
emails out there pretending to be me
you're not getting
me right you're
not unless you're writing me at alond
Hillman gmail.com
that's
it people are offering I saw somebody
selling something in my name in my name
you know what's gonna happen to the
Hawkers of my name you know what's gonna
happen they have to take a bath they
have to take a
bath what am I doing I'm training I just
congregation I just want to say
something pleasant for a minute and then
we'll get back to the last two
texts and I appreciate you stay I want
want you to
know that I'm
training I'm training for a fight I want
you to know that that's it and I want
you to know that I've been given an
opportunity I've been given an
opportunity to to
Really
feature the very things that we've been
discussing for the last two years to
feature them yeah to create
that
resonance with the with the Muse to
bring that voice I've been given an
opportunity so I'm shifting a little bit
of my schedule I'm I'm pouring some a
little bit more thought and effort
concentration and will into writing so
and I know this is unusual right I I
usually don't write anything right I
mean I used to write articles and all
you know books but I don't do that now I
just don't because I prefer not to I'm
running I don't have to I don't have to
pad my CV I'm
running right it's kind of comfortable
that way you know what I mean go read
that go read the stuff I already put
out right somebody actually read the
toxicology the history of Toxicology um
article that I did for El and ah I'm
glad I'm glad it was you know it was fun
to be able to introduce the topic that
you know these Pharmacy students and
what not toxicology students
pharmacology that they would find
interesting you know a little of their
history you know what I mean it's kind
of fun it was kind of fun so anyway I
don't do that anymore right I don't I'm
not trying to impress I'm giving you the
gems and I'm not charging you right I'm
not charging and part of the not
charging you means that um we're able to
operate like we do right we're a little
bit but I'm I'm free I don't have to
sell you anything you don't have to buy
this you don't have to buy this none of
this stuff you don't have to buy
it you can't buy this one right that's
mine some of you want to give me the
next one okay here's what we're gonna do
people what happens did I get through
all of that Chris thing I think I did um
we're going to go backwards a little bit
in the text and I'm going to tell you
they I'm just going to translate this
quickly they ate and they drank and they
put on the
crowns and they took out the
myrrh and each
dude took some
myrrh
some put it in their
eyes right some of them put it on their
chin some of them put it in different
places the body right but the Apostle
what did the Apostle do do we have a
picture of this chewy I think we have
chewy wants to get one of the pictures
go ahead
shoot oh okay good I was thinking of the
yeah okay um nice right we got the
Christ thing there he just did it right
here we go we're in it okay give me that
same reference back again thank you
chewy um and what happens what does the
Apostle do
he oils the top of his head puts some
oil on the top of his head he's got that
base going right spreading that in right
and then what does he do he takes a
little bit takes a little bit on his
fingers and he sticks him up his nose
isn't this cool you get to see an actual
mystery performance he takes it and he
sticks it here okay chew's got a couple
of pictures first of all he puts that
oil on his head a little bit right
what's that oil going to be doing it's
going to be forming that base of things
that are going to be dripping down his
face just like Jesus when they found him
he had all that goop coming off his face
because he was into sex rights with
drugs and this is
exactly what you do when you're
christing all right listen this IND I'm
telling you this India operation it's
going to be huge it's going to be huge
you know those you know those Indians
they will love they will absolutely love
this right just wait right okay good did
they embrace it I don't know did they um
give me the next one you're give me that
same one um so after they ate and drank
right they took the my the
Apostle does the top of his head and
then he does his nose and then what else
does he
what how is it referring to his
application of the stuff to his nostrils
it's referring to it as
christing it's referring to it as
christing you say wait a minute so it
doesn't necessarily mean that the
location determines whether or not it
can be a christing no the overwhelming
majority are in the
eyes right but this dude he's picking it
up and he's taking it to the nose now
they have insufflation
in Antiquity too which is where you take
a little read or tube and you blow into
it stick it up somebody's nose right and
then blow a powder into their nose
that's
insation right it's it's just like a you
know snorting for coues or something you
know what I mean get your credit card
out in your mirror right what's wrong
with that no insulation much more
efficient right get it right up there um
and so what happens he takes out his you
know he's putting it in his nose and
what happens some of it's drizzling down
into his ears it's drizzling down into
his ears and he takes it very carefully
he takes the drug with his fingers he
applies it to his teeth you ever see
someone do a line of cocaine and then
take the little last bit and lick their
tongue like this and then take the last
little bit off the mirror and I'm
talking about historically people this
is history it's good history take it and
then rub it on your gums you ever seen
somebody do that right so
pharmacological
education right watch for it these are
the signs that they're showing us that
they're doing right and who are we going
to bring who are we going to bring we're
doing this all as we chanted to bring
her she who brings us the revelation
is that fantastic and she is pregnant
guess what Mary you are
pregnant right who did it remember Mary
when she started hearing voices she was
like
haha what right and she ran back inside
looking around right right that's the
way that's the
way I am the way when Jesus said that
and all the evangelic like oh so sweet I
know what that means you have a personal
relationship with Christ
[Music]
no if you haven't talked with this dude
face to face you have
not participated in the
mystery that's right I'm sorry sorry I
shouldn't do that oh I shouldn't do it
it's just funny though cuz all the
Christians are isn't it funny you know
you're going to get to the other side
you'll be like ah oh my god what have I
been
doing jokes on you people love it jokes
on you it makes you feel good too
doesn't it if you come out of it and
you're like oh this stuff this
Christianity I always knew I get emails
all the time about people and I love
them by the way people telling me I was
a Christian for so many years I knew
there was something whacked about it I
just walked away from it you know what I
mean yeah yeah there's something
underneath the surface something so
Insidious in the monest
religions that ends up putting burkers
on people and killing women right
because they need abortion and don't
think that that's not part of this whole
picture baby because it's these people
who are baking the bread of the
fetus it's called fetal bread you want
some fetal bread if you go to a
Christian mystery you may get fetal
bread think of it more as
a medical thing if you want to if you
want to but that's a fact that's a fact
it's in the text you
see nice
harvesting harvesting and using it now
you can go back to the ancient sources
many of them and there are there are
lots of sources that will talk about
Christians getting in trouble for baking
fetuses into the
communion right for taking this and
making this Union this Union get me some
of that
fetus right can you picture right if I'm
if I can go to Washington DC and I can
see somebody with a picture of an
abortion right who is you know there for
pro-life purposes then certainly you can
describe to me why it is we can
Envision early
Christians and what they did with
fetuses and what they did with their own
children yeah that's the Bedrock the
other day I'm sorry but the other day I
heard somebody again say that oh you
know democracy was really something that
didn't come this is something much later
Enlightenment stuff you know what I mean
and science oh that was a church thing
the church figured that out how many of
you homeschooled
Knuckleheads have had that curriculum
because you are
shamelessly unprepared to deal with the
reality of the history you're shamefully
unprepared remember it's all in Greek
baby all these terms that you're
debating about they're all Greek words
words they're all Greek words okay give
it to me give it put it on put it on is
that want send them communion BR yeah
right right we're gonna yeah let's keep
going into it right hold on to your
stomachs Right Here
Comes Here Comes give me the yep give it
to me okay so um what happens from this
point we got to deal with the testicles
and the heart you know what I mean we
got to change that epithemia that desire
and how are we doing all of this we're
doing it with M we're doing it with M
the the Myrtle wait a minute we have
what on our head we have Myrtle okay so
for all those of you who have been here
you know what that Myrtle signifies it's
why you enter into coia man Myrtle is
what Aphrodite brings why do you think
we are hemming or chanting in our
Christian right to she who opens up all
the secrets who is
pregnant how do you think we're how do
you think we're doing that right we have
something we we we call down the
Heavenly powers of the
manliness W you know what I mean this
one we didn't castrate right he'll breed
fantastic the wisdom
whatever happened to it whatever whoever
did that Planet of the Apes thing right
it's not about
apes you're the
ape it's about
women it's about women the history of
women yeah it's gorgeous gorgeousness
and gorgios all together oh God I love
it I love it give me the next
one yep no yep so here I Jesus Christ
I'm just translate I Jesus Christ oh God
what did I bring you people look at
these first three
lines these first three lines up to the
period that's in the middle of the third
line this is the only okay this is the
dessert that I'm going to give you this
is the
only written thing that we ever have of
Jesus besides the account of him
stooping on the ground and writing we
don't have any other account here he's
got now I don't know I could be
corrected right there's a lot out there
that I haven't seen so you know if
somebody brings it Forward Bring It
Forward right let's see it as far as
my you know experience has been this is
the only time I've ever seen something
actually written supposedly written by
Jesus and it says what is it it's that
bill of sale that we were talking about
before I Jesus Son of Joseph well that's
interesting refers to himself as the son
of Joseph I Jesus Son of Joseph the
carpenter I agree that I sold my slave
Judas Judas is another one of Thomas's
name Judas by name I sold him
to
abanes who is the child
trafficker of the king of
India whose name is Gunda forus
okay that's do we have anything written
by Jesus we have this I Jesus the son of
Joseph the carpenter agree that I sold
my slave Judas in name
to
you abanes you trafficker of the king of
India right thank you Jesus so what does
this text keep saying it says after it's
so funny I'm I'm translating this to you
literally after the sale was completed
the Savior took Judas and Thomas and he
led them to abanes the
trafficker and when abon saw them he
said to Judas or Thomas he said uh this
is your master right and Thomas answered
answered him he says yeah this is my
Lord and he says back to him um hey uh I
just bought you right and really
funny I just bought you from him right
that's what he says and then really
funny the last line
says and the Apostle sat there and shut
his
mouth he took it
he took it he wasn't happy about it but
he took it isn't that a gorgeous scene
isn't that a gorgeous scene oh my
goodness you see Jesus selling those
kids give me the next one yep that one
give it to me this is the last passage
tonight people why are we doing all of
this Thomas enters into a
state right Thomas enters into a state
hearing the voices seeing the visions
and what does he do he makes a song he
makes a song and who's the song too
he to the
Kora to the Kora do you hear me who is
the Kora the Kora is who is resurrected
in the
[Music]
Mysteries right theora did you hear me
I'm saying this for Classical Greece the
Kora is she who is resurrected in the
elosan Mysteries who is the Kora in the
Christian mystery she who is
resurrected huh you mean these documents
that were taken out by the theologians
just
removed just
removed ignore those don't look at
those you mean
these documents talk about the
Christians resurrecting the Kora yeah of
course they do it's a mystery what do
you think it was
yay nice to be here the difference this
is my summary again the difference
between me and what's going on around
you
right the
difference is that people are just
working with that lost
skeletal form that translated
form and under those conditions they can
sell you anything they can sell you
anything what I'm bringing you is the
original I'm bringing that
reality okay is it something that's
amazing no it's just translation of
ancient
Greek right it's nothing that you can
take and turn into some kind of cult
right it's nothing like that it is
simply the text and that is our greatest
weapon our greatest weapon is showing
them showing the monis exactly who they
are is our greatest weapon give me that
last text who is she that we raising the
Kora she is the daughter of
light she is the one who is set up in
that
Brilliance of the Kings
those Powers right
basilon she is established within their
power right what is she she is a
to she's a
vision a vision that is
EP what is that so pleasant she's a
pleasant can you imagine that walking
into a church and seeing a pleasant
Vision can you believe everybody talks
about I want ionic I want to be res um I
want to see the resurrected form I want
to be brought back from Death after
seeing the resurrected form I want to
have new life can you imagine if you
took that trip all that way and at the
end of that trip you see a dude nailed
to a
cross yeah you know what no thanks no
thanks go torture
yourselves no this is who the Christians
are originally summoning give me the
next one I mean that last one again
let's just finish it off let's just
finish it off and um she's so pleasant
and look what it says it says God she's
just
radiating This brilliant Beauty
radiating a brilliant Beauty and you
know what she's dressed in she's dressed
in spring
flowers right be think of that beautiful
spring summer weather and those
beautiful growths that smell look it
says she smells like the
flowers right and what is the what what
does it then say it says the King has
their
seat on her
head all right what does the king do the
king nourishes with his
Ambrosia those who have been centered at
that point
okay do you understand what this says
this says
Christianity was all about the
resurrection of the
Kora it was all about she who brought
back that
fund yeah a woman's right at heart
[Music]
corrupted right now when people today
tell
you the cross the Christ you know they
don't even know what they're talking
about they are
delusional their history doesn't even
exist doesn't even
exist yeah it's a fabrication can you
imagine waking up to believe realizing
that you've been following a lie and a
liar and a whole chorus of liars right
because what do the Liars do in the
chorus they parrot the lies of the chief
Tyrant lies lies lies always
lies why so you can take a
kid and turn him in to a
business
yeah thank you for coming tonight thank
you for coming
tonight I need to
formulate my
Thursday New Zealand Aussie class I'm
going to be sending out announcements
and here's what I need for you to do I
need eight people from New Zealand or
Australia okay I need you people I know
you've written to me before and you've
said you're interested in starting the
Intensive Greek here's what I need you
to do I need eight of you to write to me
tonight but I only want eight who will
commit
100% it will demand your time it'll
demand not all of it but it'll demand
your time it'll demand your sweat a
little bit of blood little bit of
nervousness
right Commitment if you really have that
commitment and you want to give it a
100% you want to be reading these texts
and seeing what these people are doing
for yourself not having to listen to
other people I want
you give me that email at amen Hillman
domcom and I'll filter those and for the
most gungho
right we'll start um and I'll send out
I'll send you out a letter thank you for
coming the Greek the army of Greek
reading eating
loving people civilized people is coming
back welcome to the Renaissance hail
Satan triple beams Elemental pece
Darkness through dreams dancing to the
bank Tak to the river with the water
Beast
Slither Scorpion and snake venom Med do
I send you to heaven fractional
distillation drip or an's rings grip
they could Stu is strong only take a
little bit it'll get right on top of you
you'll be seeing the
craziness up smoke purple
haziness doing my thing driving down the
lane first come first serve Kang line T
black is your soul from the
Bank where did the children go Jeepers
Creepers that snake weed was
strong Vampirella fly on